Add Bitbucket Labs (#48)
actions/importer-labs: bitbucket/3-forecast.md

# Forecast potential build runner usage

In this lab you will use the `forecast` command to forecast potential GitHub Actions usage by computing metrics from completed pipeline runs in Bitbucket.

## Prerequisites

1. Followed the steps [here](./readme.md#configure-your-codespace) to set up your GitHub Codespaces environment.
2. Completed the [configure lab](./1-configure.md#configuring-credentials).

## Perform a forecast

Answer the following questions before running the `forecast` command:

1. What workspace do you want to run the forecast for?
    - **actions-importer**
2. What is the date you want to start forecasting from?
    - **2023-08-03**. By default, the value is set to one week ago, but it's recommended that you choose a start date that provides a representative view of typical usage.
3. Where do you want to store the results?
    - **tmp/forecast**

### Steps

1. Navigate to your codespace terminal
2. Run the following command from the root directory:

    ```bash
    gh actions-importer forecast bitbucket --workspace actions-importer --start-date 2023-08-03 --output-dir tmp/forecast --source-file-path bitbucket/**/source_files/*.json
    ```

>     > Note: The --source-file-path flag is used in this command to indicate the location of the usage data source. In regular usage, this flag may not be necessary. For more information on this option, please refer to a later section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > Note: The `--source-file-path` option is not required and is used throughout this lab to convert files that are stored locally. This can be omitted and GitHub Actions Importer will programmatically fetch historical pipeline runs using the Bitbucket REST APIs.
```
